---
writer: drpicox
coder: drpicox
---

# Post

We have to load potatoes to the ship, also create a potatoe plantatio building.

## Playing game

### We need to create a game and join

Start playing with penny.

 * Given that "penny" is playing.
 * Go to the next player "leonard"
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * You should be at the "game" screen.
 * "leonard" should be the current player.

And you can see your cities:

 * "leonard" should have 1 "city".
 * "leonard" should have the "Capital" "city".

### Building builder

All the cities starts with a new special building, the building builder. This building allow us to add many more buildings.

 * Go to the next player "leonard"
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * Go to the "leonard" "city" "Capital".
 * You should be at the screen of a "city".
 * There should contain at least 1 "building".
 * There should contain the "building" "Builder".

### Load Ship with potatoes
 * The resource "potato" round increment should be 0.
 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "banana" count 5
 * Go to the contained "building" "Builder".
 * Build the "Potato plantation".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * There should contain the "building" "Potato plantation".
 * The resource "potato" round increment should be 1.
 * The resource "potato" count should be 0.
 * The resource "banana" count should be 5.
 * Skip 1 rounds.
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * The resource "potato" count should be 1.
 * Go to see the docked "leonard" "ship" "Beagle".

- Posar un cost, ex: 4 of wood
 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "wood" count 4.
 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "potato" count 5.

- Afegir un decks.factories PotatoStoreFactory de tipus deck
 * The resource "potato" maximum should be 0.
 * Go to the contained "deck" "Builder".
 * Build the "Potato store".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
- Comprovar que ha funcionat
 * There should contain the "deck" "Potato store".
 * The resource "potato" maximum should be 5.
 * The resource "potato" count should be 0.
 * Load 5 of "potato".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * The resource "potato" count should be 5.
 * The dock resource "potato" count should be 0.
